the nights as they are my name is graciela
key pill
I come from jump tell me l'équipe and say
that I am samba daughter and pill you
allowed to have lift between
folklorists
to his daughters of zamba quipildor yes
in
the samba talent for music but
as you can see
waist is all the same
I want to tell you that I consider myself a
woman of broad spectrum
it's an elegant way of saying that I am
vague will I like the ugly
but on the lawn you tell me
you like as a friend if it is not the one who
you say I like you as a neighbor
one with age is getting less
demanding for example before I expected
that the man of my life wants an 8 in
the bed now with 8 teeth
with 7 and a chewing gum
but good one day I realized that
It was a little desserts even that
It was a little bit of soda this
find out the day you uncover a soda
and the cap told me no longer participate
being
It's like my ex grabbed my little doll
voodoo and instead of putting pins
put stuffing
sweet shot of cayote
if you think that the worst moment of a
woman is when she is indisposed proba
move with me one weekend when
I'm on a diet
I have the face of the ass of santo biasatti
Recently
does the mother to get me the last
biscuit that was left in the house you can
lose a finger
It happens to me when I'm on a diet that does not
I can stop thinking about food I have the
fixed idea I think about eating all the time
my sexual fantasy at this moment is
be lying naked eating a stew
of rice
and that's doing chanchadas
in the first month that I did diet
only drops by 600 grams after
I realized that I had not lost weight in
reality was the winter clothes
It makes me very angry those women who
they eat what they want and they do not get fat
they saw those models that give birth now
the two months of giving birth are already skinny
yes splendid
I hate them good I still can not go down
the three pots of pochoclo that I ate
of nerves in the world cup 90 italy
and good when I lose weight suddenly
lost a bit the way it looks like bad
Kneaded my tits fell
they were like two fat folds like
those of the visit of matter of weight
and good thing I did not tattoo that
hummingbird in full flight on the tit
left because now I would have a vulture
dead pecking melon a thousand nights
yes